[instrumental music]
[birds chirping]
[Cheyenne] I don't know.
[laughs]
No, absolutely not.
Because I'm in the middle of working out!
I'm not gonna just hurry over there every time you call.
No, I actually ended up walking most of it.
Turns out, I hate running.
So, yeah, let me finish up with this, uh, not run
and I'll call you when I'm done.
Bye.
[crows cawing]
[ominous music]
Pick up, pick up, pick up.
[line ringing]
[music continues]
[bird chirping]
[gasps]
[groaning]
[music continues]
[dramatic music]
[ankle monitor beeping]
Hi.
[car engine revving]
-[Bri] Hey! -[horn honking]
-No, no. no. -Hey! Get away from him!
Sorry, I was just...
[ankle monitor beeping]
On the first day, Ms. Collins?
[birds chirping]
[dramatic music]
You got me a fish?
It's a house arrest warming gift.
I know you don't like to be alone, so...
[Bri] Way to go.
Bri, you live in a multimillion dollar lake front home.
You have a wine cellar.
Most people would kill for a life like this.
I know you weren't a big fan of the plea deal.
-Because I'm innocent. -Of course you are.
But convincing a jury is a another story.
I've been a lawyer a while,
and I've seen how these things can go.
A year of house arrest is getting off easy.
You could be where Michael is right now.
Mm.
Mm. I know we didn't have a choice.
I didn't just hire you because you were my friend.
I hired you because you are a good lawyer.
Plus, if I were in jail,
who would drink all of Michael's fancy wine?
Ehh, there she is.
This is a 2005
from the blah-blah-blah region of Germany.
Now, the interesting thing about this vintage
is that it's guaranteed to get you drunk.
-Pinky up, bitch. Be classy. -Oh, yes.
Mm. Earthy.
I'm getting hints of Elder flower.
Ah.
Oh, and a little younger flower.
[chuckles]
Ah, you wanna stay tonight?
We can have a slumber party like we did in college.
Face masks and manicures
and nicer wine.
I wish. I can't.
Court in the morning.
This place just gets so creepy at night.
You'll be fine.
You have a whole year to get used to it.
What are you gonna do with all that time anyway?
[crickets chirping]
[suspenseful music]
[phone vibrates]
Hello.
What do you mean my signal went out?
Okay. I'll head upstairs right now.
Thank you.
[footsteps approaching]
[woman clears throat]
Ms. Collins.
Your electronic monitoring device
is the property of the State of California.
Removing or tampering with the device
will activate the internal microphone
and will result in additional legal charges.
It's your responsibility to stay within the allowed perimeter
and keep the monitor charged at all times.
I remember, Nancy.
-Do you want a cup of coffee? -No.
-It'll only take a second. -No, thank you. I'm fine.
House, start coffee.
House, start coffee!
[automated message] Coffee will be ready in two minutes.
Ever get used to the Smart House thing?
I'm trying.
It always seems to like my ex-husband more than me.
Do you want sugar?
-Ms. Collins-- -Bri.
Bri. I know you've been feeling restless the last few months.
Most people take online classes, or learn a new skill.
Is there anything that you're working towards?
Not trying to brag, but I have become
the best at binge-watching reality dating shows.
Mm.
I'd like to go back to school.
Finish my MBA.
Are you socializing at all?
Haven't you heard?
I'm the pariah at Sandpoint Lake.
Bringing down property values in a single bound.
Also I, I have a fish,
so my social life is basically perfect.
I've had to dispatch the police
repeatedly the last three months.
I-I know. It's just the signal on this thing--
Is that something that's going to continue?
-No. -Good.
Any contact with your ex-husband?
No.
But he does call every day.
He is not permitted to call anyone who's not on his list.
Well, I'll just let him know the next time he calls.
Are you sure you can't stay?
I will see you again next month.
I don't wanna hear from you until then.
"Love Island."
If you're looking for the best trashy dating show,
check out "Love Island."
[door opens]
[automated message] Coffee is ready.
[sighs]
[crickets chirping]
[suspenseful music]
[beeping]
Mm.
[phone vibrates]
[sighs] Hell no, Michael.
House, play classical music.
[automated message] Classic music playing
in the Master Bathroom.
[instrumental music]
[glass shatters]
House, stop.
House, turn off the music.
House, shut up!
[intense music]
[electricity crackles]
[music continues]
[door creaks]
House, are the doors locked?
[automated message] All doors are locked.
What the hell happened?
I think somebody was in the house.
Oh, my god.
Yeah.
And the alarm didn't even go off.
Michael is the only other person that has access to it.
Honey, he can't break into your house from jail.
Is that a stun gun?
Got it online.
Look, I know you didn't wanna call the police.
I'm not on good terms with them.
They're always coming here to check the stupid monitor.
[both gasp]
[sighs]
Well, I called them for you. Just in case.
Huh. I'm sorry to give you ladies a scare.
I'm Detective Joe Hall.
I'm with the County Sheriff's Department.
Hi, I'm Bri. I live here.
This is my friend Sofia.
She's the one that called about the disturbance.
-You live here, too? -No. Just visiting.
Is there a man in the house?
So it's only you, all alone here?
Hey.
I know you. Aren't you Michael Miller's wife?
Ex-wife.
You know, he pissed a lot
of people off with what he did.
A couple guys in our department lost everything.
Well, good thing I am not him.
[laughs] Right.
So, why don't you walk me through what happened?
[door creaks]
Graduation photo. What school?
USC. Cross country scholarship.
Mm. Impressive.
Any security cameras in the house?
No. My ex refused.
This is our vacation home.
He wanted privacy.
Is anything missing? Stolen?
I don't think so.
Are you sure you didn't leave that open?
Breeze could have knocked that over.
You think she's going to leave a door open?
Like you said, it is just her, all alone here.
Well, you know, these houses on the water,
they settle every now and again.
It wasn't, because the house is on the water--
Unless a crime has been committed,
there isn't much we can do.
I can fill out a report, and I'm happy to do that,
if that's what you'd like...
But, if anything else happens...
give me a call, personally.
Oh, and keep those doors closed.
[growls] What an asshole!
Ugh, cops can be so useless sometimes.
Look, I'll stay the night, we'll get some wine,
try and forget about this.
Get the cabernet!
Sofia?
[Sofia screams]
Sofia! Are you okay?
Ohh, look what I found.
That's one of Michael's favorites.
Do it.
Huh, speaking of Michael's favorites...
look what I found under the couch.
They aren't mine.
Ew. Do you think--
That Michael brought other women over to cheat on me
without me knowing?
Why, yes, I'm beginning to suspect it. Ugh.
Probably why he never installed cameras.
That's enough.
We're cleansing the whole damn place.
-Is that all Michael's stuff? -Everything flammable.
Ashes to ashes.
Dust to dust.
[sighs]
How did that feel?
Good. Really, really good.
Can I do one? Give me a little taste.
Damn, this is nice.
Yep. Just toss it in.
I'm just saying, the man had good taste.
He did pick you.
Ohh, screw you, Michael!
Yeah.
Screw you, Michael!
[giggles]
[groans]
Kill me.
I'm so puffy.
[sighs] Thank you.
I'm never drinking again.
At least not until later tonight.
-Sofia. -Hey, I'm not judging.
No, Sofia. Come here.
[suspenseful music]
Someone left this picture of me the first day I was here.
Then my house got broken into.
And now all of this.
It gotta have something to do with Michael.
Michael? How does that make sense?
Maybe he hired someone. I don't know.
-He has a lot of friends. -And a lot of enemies.
Could be someone trying to get back at him through you.
It's comforting.
What am I supposed to do?
Should I call the police again?
I don't know, they weren't exactly helpful yesterday.
So, then what? What?
Do I get murdered and then call the police, Sofia?
Jesus, Bri. Let's not jump straight to murder.
Take a deep breath.
[exhales]
Um, I'm, I'm not trying to say this to scare you,
but all this, the photos,
the open doors...
Whoever's doing this is toying with you.
This is a game to them.
Well, I don't wanna play.
Your only other option is to leave
and you're kind of stuck here.
So, what do I do?
How do I win?
You write your own rules.
Take control of the situation.
What, take control?
What does that mean, buy a gun?
Ew. No. Hire one.
Have you considered personal security?
[scoffs] If the cops can't help,
what's a rent-a-cop gonna do?
He's there to keep you safe.
Give him a chance.
He worked for a client a few months back.
The man is good at what he does.
Think about it. You gotta protect yourself.
[crickets chirping]
[phone vibrates]
[automated message] This is a collect call
from Bancroft Correctional Facility.
Say yes or press one to accept charges.
Yes.
-Michael? -I'm so glad you answered.
-How are you? -Why are you keep calling me?
To make sure you're all right. I've been worried about you.
Have you been watching me?
Why would I need to do that?
I know exactly where you are. And for how long.
I bet you're in the bed room at the lake house right now.
How many bottles of my wine have you gone through?
I wanted you to know, I'm being released.
What? You've only been in jail three months. How?
Good behavior.
You remember Judge Gettman.
I spoke with him and, uh, we both decided
I've paid my debt to society.
I'd love to see you.
Hey.
Bri Collins?
You must be Xavier.
Thank you for the house call.
I'm here to accommodate.
Wanna run me through what's going on?
Can we talk in the back?
You mind?
Help yourself.
So you need some, uh, personal security?
Uh, yeah. Somebody has been watching me.
And now they're letting me know that they're watching me.
You have any idea who's doing that?
My ex, Michael Miller.
Michael Miller.
Michael Miller that went to prison
for the pump and dump scheme.
Have you contacted the police?
Yep.
They won't help me. At least not yet.
Sounds about right.
I have nine months left
until my sentence is up.
I just need some security to keep an eye on me,
make sure I'm safe.
So, can you help me?
Nah, I'm good.
You're good?
Yeah. I'm good.
-Are you serious? -Thanks for calling.
Good luck.
And thanks for the apple.
-Are you serious? -Yeah.
Look, I'm not a prison guard.
Sittin' around here guardin' you for nine months
is not exactly my dream job.
I understand.
It's honestly probably too dangerous for you, anyway.
I need someone who knows how to handle themselves.
Plus, you're a little bit on the skinny side.
-Are you actually doing this? -Do what?
Tryin' to appeal to...
fragile point in my masculinity
to win me over.
Mm. Is it working?
No.
Okay, fine. I will pay you double.
Whatever you're making on another job,
I-I will beat that.
You really think your ex-husband will go this far?
He's the smartest man I know.
He's also the most vindictive.
Through the years, he had me sign things for taxes
and retirement, or so he told me.
I trusted and loved my husband.
In return, he built a mountain of evidence
linking me to his crimes.
When he was arrested and I finally left him,
he blackmailed me.
Trying to make me stay.
I didn't.
So then, he took me down with him as an aider and abider.
Was he ever violent you?
Still, you shouldn't, uh, shouldn't close the door
on any other possibilities.
Who else will be stalking me? And why?
I don't know. It could be anybody at this point.
But I do know that there's another young lady
around your age that went missing around here.
I remember reading about this. They never found her?
Yeah.
So you think that might have something to do with
what's happening to me?
I don't know.
I sure hope not.
No.
It has to be Michael.
I've been saying this from the start
and nobody is listening to me.
Michael has put me through hell for years.
I hear you.
When Cheyenne went missing,
police never found any evidence of a crime.
They said she was an adult and that she could just leave
whenever she wanted to without notice.
My point is, I'm listening.
I hear you and I'll believe you.
And I'll do whatever I can to keep you safe.
[mellow music]
[engine whirring]
[hissing]
Bri!
Okay.
[coughing]
Hey! Hey!
[screaming]
[coughing]
I got you.
[Nancy laughing]
Excuse me a minute.
I'm gonna go easy on you today, Ms. Collins.
But if it happens again, we will add to your sentence.
We'll send you a bill for the ankle monitor.
Keep in touch.
You doing okay?
A little shaken up, but I'm fine.
Any idea what happened with the boat water?
Xavier's looking into it, but no, not yet.
Sofia, I don't know what would have happened
if he weren't here.
Nice to have a bodyguard around.
Especially one as fit as he is.
That's not even on my mind.
And he hasn't even looked at me twice since he's been here.
Maybe you'd feel better if you cleaned up a little bit.
Washed the house arrest off of you.
I have enough to worry about right now, trust me.
I'm just saying, you are single.
If I were you, I'd be on a dating app getting house calls
every night.
I don't think death threats really are a turn on.
Mm, see, that's where you and I will have to disagree.
Try it.
Ten bucks says he notices.
-Hey. -Hey.
I wanted to see if there was something
that pointed back to what started the fire.
Mm, you know how to disassemble boat motors?
Yeah. Looks like impeller failure.
That'd make sense with a T-shirt blocking the water intake.
You think someone clogged it on purpose?
Wasn't an accident.
T-shirt hasn't been in the water long.
Did you find anything else?
No.
This number mean anything to you?
I don't think so.
Why?
Just checking.
You look nice.
[upbeat music]
Is everything okay?
It's fine. Um, are you hungry?
So you made me dinner?
You can take it off my tab.
Thanks.
Hey, uh, do you wanna join me?
I do fine by myself.
That's very brooding of you.
Unfortunately, I'm the boss
and I would like some company.
Okay. I'll get dressed. Boss.
[dog barking in distance]
[suspenseful music]
[car door shuts]
We've been spending a lot of time together.
It's really weird that I don't know anything about you.
Like where are you from?
-All over. -How about this?
If I guess something right about you,
you take a step closer.
And if you guess something right about me,
I'll take one step towards you.
If I win, you will relax and eat.
If I lose, you can continue standing there stoically.
Cool?
You're from a small town.
You're from Arizona.
Judging by your accent, Phoenix.
Wow.
I didn't know people in Phoenix had an accent.
I can read people, easily.
Then this should be fun.
You moved to Sandpoint because you were running from something.
You're probably in the middle class family.
No, lower-middle class.
Ouch.
You're an only child, going by your social skills.
You have a sister.
You're definitely the older one.
You played football in high-school.
You're athletic.
Runner.
Okay. I win.
Have your meal.
You can really tell all of that just by looking at me?
Nah.
-I Googled you. -Come on, that's not fair.
I'm not here to be fair.
I'm here to protect you.
Which I am very grateful for.
I'm not the most intimidating person.
Look, let me show you something.
Ju-Jitsu, it's like human chess.
You know Ju-Jitsu, too?
Yeah.
So, what you do is you take your opponent's weight
and you use it against him.
Put your glass down.
If I come at you with a punch, block it. Right.
And then I want you to shift your weight right there,
next to my body. You feel that?
All right.
Take me back like this. You see that?
I'm gonna tell you to take my weight over
and let the momentum take me over.
[grunts] Sorry.
I should have warned you I'm a bad ass.
Yeah.
I should have read it.
So, it's on me, really.
You know, if you don't tell me something about yourself,
I'm gonna have to make it up.
You're... tough on the outside,
but... I think you're a big softie on the inside.
Mm, the kind of guy who
carries missing person's posters in his bag.
Hey, you know, I should get back to the--
Mm. Mmh-mnh.
You're not going anywhere
until you tell me something.
Anything.
When I say that I'm from everywhere, I mean it.
I come from a military family.
We moved around a lot.
But no matter where we went,
my father would find an old theater
playing a cowboy movie.
And he'd drag us off to see it.
See, was that so hard?
So... why do you carry those posters around?
Cheyenne is my sister.
And I carry the posters around
because somebody keeps taking 'em down.
And I'm not gonna let this town forget her.
She over moved here a few years ago.
And just stopped answering my calls.
So... I put my life on the hold,
and I moved here to try to find her.
But when the police just wouldn't take me serious,
wouldn't respond...
I bought that old RV out there
and I took it upon myself.
And that was two years ago.
-She's lucky to have you. -Listen, I gotta go, all right?
Goodnight.
[Xavier] What are you doing here?
[Michael] I just wanted to come by and see Brianna.
[Xavier] I can't let you do that. Let's go.
[Michael] Hey, come on, come on.
Get your, get your hands off me.
Bro, this is my house.
Michael.
Brianna! Tell him to let me go.
What are you doing here?
I came to see how you're doing.
Pick up a few things. I'll only be a minute.
Let him up.
Wow.
This place looks great.
You've been taking good care of it.
Hey, House, put on some coffee.
[automated message] Right away, Michael.
[sighs] I missed this place.
I missed that view.
I missed that view more.
I forgive you, by the way.
-For testifying against me. -[Bri] Michael.
[Michael] You're lucky they let you stay here.
You got off easy, trust me. Prison is--
Michael!
What are you doing here?
You know I can get in trouble for this.
[Michael] I'm sorry. I just wanted to see you.
You have no idea how lonely it was in that place.
Well, here I am. Because of you.
And you can stop everything that you've been doing now.
-Stop what? -All of it!
The theatrics, the-the photographs, everything.
-You've made your point. -Photographs?
What are you, what are you talking about?
You have been taking pictures of me.
And leaving them outside.
-Has someone been bothering you? -Michael, please.
You think I would do something like that?
I'm trying to move forward with my life.
I'm sorry, I just...
[sighs] I just don't know who else could be doing this.
How many of these have you gone through?
Stop it.
[Michael] I was hoping you'd slow down
on the drinking a little, but...
It's none of your business.
It's my business when it's my wine.
And my home.
Michael, please.
Could you just tell the truth? For once.
Brianna, I've been in prison for months.
I have no idea what's going on. Okay?
But if you're in some kind of trouble, or you're scared...
I can always help you.
And I want you to know that I'm sorry
about how everything went down.
Things are different now.
And I can prove that to you if you let me.
Xavier, can you show him out please?
[crickets chirping]
[door clicks]
[intense music]
House, lower the temperature.
House, turn off the heater.
House, are you there?
[intense music]
Xavier?
Xavier!
[music continues]
[device beeping]
[door rattling]
-[grunts] -[yelps]
[grunting]
[screams]
[glass shatters]
[screaming]
[grunts]
[Xavier] Bri, wake up. Hey!
Hey, hey, hey. Bri, wake up!
Hey, hey, hey.
[sobbing]
[Xavier] I came as soon as I seen all the lights flashing.
The keypad wouldn't let me in.
I was gonna break the window, but...
then the door just unlocked.
[sighs]
Michael.
Michael?
He's the only other person
that could have control over the house.
Why would he do that, come in and hit you
when he's on parole?
To remind me I can't escape him.
[Xavier exhales]
Bri.
Check this out.
[Bri] Is that a camera?
Yeah.
Hidden in the picture frame.
I thought there were no cameras in the house.
I didn't think there were.
Son of a bitch has been watching me this entire time?
Are there cameras everywhere?
-Can he see me everywhere? -Uh, calm down.
I'll sweep the house.
I'll see if there're more, okay?
Xavier, I'm a sitting duck here.
We have to do something.
I think I know someone who can help.
I promise we'll figure this out.
Could you just stay the night in the house?
Just for now.
I have a guestroom that you can use.
It's just, ah...
I don't want to be alone.
Of course.
[door squeaking]
[door closes]
[sighs]
[instrumental music]
I don't know.
All right. That's all of them.
[Xavier chuckles]
Wow.
So, how do you know each other?
Dex and I used to work together.
Yeah, okay. [chuckles]
So here's the deal, someone gained access to your system
via the app that controls the house.
I tried to track the IP address, but nothing's coming up.
Probably spoofed through a VPN.
What do you mean?
It means that your attacker covered their tracks.
Exactly. I locked out any other users, so only you have control.
Now, about the cameras.
I can't find a way to access the video feeds online.
Meaning, it's being stored locally.
-So we can watch the footage? -Oh, no. That's the thing.
It's not being stored locally here.
I was able to track it to a location closer to the city.
About fifty miles away.
Michael's house.
It was our main residence. Has to be there.
If you want to see the footage, that's where you'll find it.
That's not really an option.
Oh, my God. Cool.
[Xavier] Maybe I could go in.
Get in and out before anybody sees me.
I'm not staying here alone.
And, you don't know the property.
-I used to live there. -Hm.
I could help if I could just get the hell out of this house.
Oh, I can get you outta here.
-Really? -Yeah.
That ankle monitor uses a SIM card
with GPS to determine your position,
and a cell data network to send the coordinates back.
So all you really need to do is build a Faraday cage
to block the signal, fake a phone network
to bypass any tamper control, remove the SIM card
and access it with your phone, boom.
[chuckling]
I have no idea what you just said.
Basically, your probation officer will think
that your phone is your ankle monitor.
It can buy you a little bit of time.
I'm in.
First, we'll have to get to Michael's safe room upstairs.
It's where the security system is.
That's where we'll find the hard drive.
Safe room. This guy would have a safe room.
You know, if you want to break into a house
anything like this one, there's going to be some
serious tech involved.
And we're talkin' cameras, alarms, motion lights.
We'll just wait until he goes upstairs.
If we can cut the power out,
we can get in without him seeing us.
I can try and access the power grid remotely.
-Turn it off there. -Great.
But, he has a backup generator in the backyard.
It automatically turns on when the power goes out.
We'll have to disarm it, so we can get inside
and get out before he figures it out.
So, if we take the hard drive, will that automatically
wipe the footage of us bein' inside?
Th-theoretically.
Say we find out Michael is behind this.
We can't exactly just take the stolen footage to the police.
[suspenseful music]
All the lies he's told...
all the times he's made me question myself over
and over again...
I just need to know.
Okay. I'll get to work on breaking into the power grid.
It should only take me a day of two.
So, how do we stop the signal to her ankle monitor?
I have a plan.
It loses signal down here.
But be careful.
If it gets damaged or it cuts off,
it starts recording and cops will show up.
[Dex chuckles] Good to know.
Well, you know what? You can use my phone for network.
Bri's gonna need hers.
How chivalrous. [chuckles]
Don't forget to put the SIM card back when you're done.
Got it.
Probably get a call in a few minutes anyway.
[phone buzzing]
Hey, Nancy.
Uh, yeah, yeah. No, no, no.
I forgot. I forgot. I'm sorry. [chuckles]
Yes, I'm in the basement.
No. I'll head, I'll head upstairs right now.
Do you see me?
You don't?
No, no, no. You don't have to send anybody over.
It's okay.
I... Oh, good.
Good, you see me. Yes.
I'm sorry. Goodnight.
Oh, my God. I thought they'd have a heart attack.
It worked!
You know this is insane, right?
-Yeah. -Well, you're ready?
[exhales] As ready as I'm gonna be.
I'm gonna be driving though, okay?
-No. I need to-- -Your RV is not inconspicuous.
Whatever you say.
Xavier and I, um, we served together in the marines.
He's a really good man.
[crickets chirping]
[Bri] Come on.
Come on, Michael. Go upstairs already. Jesus!
Hey, we can pull this off.
The most illegal thing I've ever done was skip school.
This is just...
Just nerves.
-Talk to me. -About what?
Anything.
What's the first thing you want to do
when come off house arrest?
Go for a run.
I miss feeling the wind on my face.
I used to run up and down this hill...
until Michael decided it was too dangerous.
How did you meet him anyway?
Sophia introduced us.
Took me to a party at this house, actually.
Never thought I'd live here.
That's enough about Michael.
What about you? What're your plans?
Well, I've been so focused on Cheyenne that
I haven't thought much beyond that.
Do you have any leads?
I searched her apartment right before she went missing.
And I got into her phone records, there was a number
that she was calling, but, uh...
I haven't been able to track it down.
The number that you asked me about?
Yeah.
Apparently, it's from a burner phone.
I gave that information to the police and...
they didn't do anything with that either.
Okay, that's our cue.
Ready?
[suspenseful music]
[phone beeps]
Hey, Dex. He's upstairs.
Are you ready?
[switch clicks]
Let's go.
[music continues]
You know how to pick locks too?
Yeah.
This one's a little tinier.
I'm just really, so good at this.
Just, just a second, Bri.
We'll be in no time.
[door opens]
[music continues]
-This is your room? -[Bri] Once upon a time.
Why, this piece of shit!
Got it.
Here's the system.
Okay, but what am I looking for?
It's a plastic or a metal box.
[Bri] But they're all plastic and metal. Which one?
[Xavier] The hard drive.
Just look.
This is the address to the lake house.
Well, that's it.
The tape, the tape!
Michael, did you get it working?
"Let there be light."
Now, where were we?
[dramatic music]
Close the door, he's coming.
-Close the door, go! -Ah!
It's stuck.
[door opens]
Did you open that?
-Did you go in there? -No.
[door creaking]
Did you go through my things?
[chuckling] No.
I was literally in the shower with you, the power went out
and, and I stayed right here.
I didn't go anywhere.
Then why is the damn door open?
I don't know.
[Michael] Well, I didn't go in there.
That leaves one other person.
So don't talk to me like I'm an idiot!
[Mackenzie] Get your hands off of me!
[Michael] That is my private space, you have
no right being in there.
[Mackenzie] I wasn't.
You can go screw yourself.
I'm leaving.
Shit! Wait, Mackenzie. I'm sorry.
Hold on a minute. You don't have to go.
[suspenseful music]
[music continues]
[both laughing]
[both sigh]
[phone buzzing]
Hello, Nancy?
What do you mean you can't see me?
Ms. Collins?
Hey, Nancy!
Told you I was here.
We've been here one too many times, Ms. Collins.
And your behavior is increasingly erratic.
I'm sorry. I told you about the--
That's no longer an excuse.
Okay? I'm sorry. We went over this. Cuff her.
No, wait.
Nancy, please.
I've had a...
a really, really rough year.
I lost my husband,
my home, my freedom.
Ev-everything I've loved
has been taken from me.
But I'm here!
I'm here where I'm supposed to be.
Please! Please! Just give me one more chance.
[mellow music]
[phone buzzing]
[suspenseful music]
[sighing]
-[Bri] Good morning. -Morning to you, too.
Hey, I love this kitchen.
How was your night?
Before or after breaking and entering?
[chuckles]
Ah. So, the hard drive is encrypted.
I have to run it by Dex,
and with any luck, we're gonna have some answers soon.
Great.
Something I need you to know.
I found this phone under Michael's bed last night.
It's a burner phone.
It's the phone that Cheyenne was calling when she disappeared.
Hold on.
Cheyenne was calling Michael?
Cheyenne disappeared at Sandpoint Lake.
So that means, the son of a bitch had
something to do with it.
[phone buzzing]
Ah! That's Dex. I got to go. I'm gonna go through the footage.
-Wait, you're leaving? -Yeah.
I'll be back soon.
All right?
Have there been any incidents since I saw you last?
Break-ins, things like that?
Oh, plenty.
Probably just the house settling, though.
I understand you've been working with Xavier Johnson recently?
I didn't have a lot of options after you guys turned me down.
Have you had any issues with him?
Why would I have issues?
Are you familiar with his...
criminal record?
He's currently a suspect in the disappearance of his sister,
Cheyenne Clark.
We're building a case against him.
But if I were you, I'd keep my distance.
I don't understand.
Xavier isn't a criminal. He's private security.
That background is part of what makes him so dangerous.
How did you get that black eye, Ms--
What about Michael?
Is he involved in the Cheyenne case?
Well, he was a person of interest.
But we cleared him quickly.
-Air-tight alibi. -Which was what?
-A work trip. -Oh...
Corroborated by several of his colleagues.
Does that sound right to you?
He did a lot of things I wasn't aware of.
I didn't even know he knew Cheyenne.
I know this is a lot to take in.
But you can trust me.
My only priority is your safety.
Mr. Johnson has a history of violence.
I don't know how he'll react if he's pushed.
[engine revving]
Ms. Collins?
Do you understand what I'm saying to you?
[phone buzzing]
Detective Hall.
Ah-huh.
I'll be right there.
Michael was just struck in a hit-and-run.
He's enroute to the hospital.
Witnesses say an RV fled the scene.
Uh...
What? What do you mean?
Wait, what do I do?
Well, sit still. Is there someone you can call
to be with you?
Did Xavier do this?
No. I don't think so.
But now I have no idea.
Especially after everything that's happened to Michael.
Xavier did have a lot to gain.
The man showed up in an old RV
and now he's living in your lakeside home.
You didn't sleep with him, did you?
[RV door closes]
Ah. Hey.
I've been calling you.
Listen, Dex finally cracked this.
[dog barking in distance]
Somethin' wrong?
What happened to your mirror?
It was like that when I left Dex's house.
I don't know. I didn't see it happen.
And why do you have those polaroid's of Cheyenne?
They look just like the pictures that were taken of me.
I got those from Cheyenne's apartment.
Those are the last pictures I have of her.
I want to thank you.
Really.
But I think that we should stop this.
What? Working together?
Or us?
Both.
Bri.
I don't know what's going on with you.
But all I've tried to do was help you.
We are so close to figuring this out.
And I don't want what happened to Cheyenne
to happen to you.
I put your things in a box.
You should leave.
Bri.
Oh, um, you're better on your own.
Right?
Well, here.
This belongs to you.
[mellow music]
[Joe] You did the right thing.
We have an officer watching Mr. Johnson
while we move forward on an arrest.
He won't come anywhere near there
without being intercepted.
Thank you, detective.
I'm sorry... for all-all this.
[Joe] Listen to me. Someone has a plan in mind,
they're gonna make it happen.
That's not on you.
You're safe now.
Like the detective said, he won't come near here.
Look, let's take your mind off of this.
I'm going to go change into some sweats
and then let's watch some trashy TV, okay?
[phone dialing]
Detective, Xavier's RV is outside of my house.
You said you would have a cop on him by now.
[Sofia shrieks]
Sofia!
[Sofia] Oh...
[Bri groans]
[dramatic music]
[music continues]
[Bri whimpers]
[glass shatters]
[door opens]
[door closes]
[dramatic music]
[door opens]
Michael Miller. County Sheriff's Department.
Hello?
[toilet flushing]
Hi. What's goin' on?
Uh, the hospital called regarding a hit-and-run.
Do you have a moment?
Look, I already went through this with the other guy,
the detective.
Detective?
Yeah, one of you guys from the sheriff's department.
Uh, do you remember who you spoke with?
Joe Hall.
Joe Hall. Uh...
You ever heard of him?
Sir, there is no Detective Joe Hall
from the sheriff's department.
[suspenseful music]
[Joe grunts]
Who are you?
That depends on who you ask.
Or who's paying.
But you can call me Joe.
Where's Sofia?
Uh, you don't need to worry about her anymore.
What do you want from me?
I don't want anything from you.
You ever had a cockroach problem?
Uh, probably not with a house this nice.
But the shithole I grew up in,
had 'em everywhere.
They're persistent little bastards.
Impossible to kill unless you got a good plan.
Turns out, your little boyfriend over here
is pretty persistent too.
That Cheyenne girl...
she's dead.
I weighed her down and dumped her right into that lake.
I take down every one of the posters of her around town.
It's not that I need to.
Nobody cares about her any more, except him.
He keeps on pushing it.
So, he's got to go.
Is he dead?
Not yet.
But with the amount of dope I shot him up with...
he should be close.
In the end, he'll look like a war vet turned drug addict
who couldn't handle his girlfriend breaking up with him.
So he got high as a helicopter
and killed her before taking his own life.
[sighs]
Tragic.
Between you and me,
I feel really bad involving you in all this.
Honestly, I respect you.
Getting all this just for banging a guy for a few years.
[laughing]
Now that's a scam.
They call me a con man, but you,
you robbed your husband blind and played the victim.
Pfft. Now that takes balls.
Well...
[sighs]
I hope you enjoyed it all while it lasted.
I'll make it quick.
Promise.
It won't hurt at all.
Please.
Please don't do this.
You don't have to do.
[instrumental music]
[clicks fingers] Hmm! I love this song!
Hmm!
[sighing]
Thank you.
Now I'm all alone
And I'm wondering if it was all just...
Wait.
Can I just say one last thing?
Now I see I'm a fool for
Believing you...
[sighing]
No.
[gunshot]
[Joe groans]
[gunshots]
I come to know one day without you...
Xavier. Xavier!
[groaning]
Oh!
[whimpers]
[shrieks] No!
No!
[Bri screaming]
Oh, my God...
[whimpers]
-Ah! -Leave her alone!
[grunts]
[Xavier groans]
Oh, you're gonna regret this.
Now I'm gonna make you feel it.
[dramatic music]
[Joe groans]
[Bri whimpering]
[grunts]
[siren wailing in distance]
Xavier, please, can you hold on?
-Hold on. -I'm okay.
I'm okay, partner.
[indistinct radio chatter]
[engine starts]
[ambulance doors close]
[engine revving]
[siren wailing]
Sophia! Sophia! Sophia!
Sophia?
So-Sofia?
[door opens]
Oh, my God! Sofia!
Sofia...
Help!
[mellow music]
[music continues]
I was going through the hard drive.
Everything points back to Joe.
-So who was he? -Joe Mitchell.
He had a record.
Most recently for assault.
And...
when they pulled Cheyenne's body out of the lake,
DNA was linked back to him.
-Xavier. -Hey, it's okay.
At least you're safe.
Why?
Why me? Why Cheyenne?
Sometimes there's no explanation.
I feel like there's something more.
It's time for us both to move on.
I'll see you around.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[instrumental music]
How were you controlling the house?
[music continues]
Oak-y with a finish of nutmeg.
You did a great job cleaning up the place.
Wish I could've helped.
How're you feeling now?
Better than I have in a long time, actually.
Starting to think about what I'll do next.
Once I'm free.
I'm so glad.
So catch me up.
Did the police close the investigation?
Yeah.
They wrapped it up, and moved on.
Joe attacked me. And it's pretty cut and dry.
There's just one thing
that I'm having trouble with.
And maybe you can help me.
Of course. Anything.
I know why Joe wanted to kill Xavier.
But why was he after me?
Why pretend to be a cop at all?
It's common to have questions after something like this.
A lot of victims struggle to find closure.
Maybe.
You must be relieved your stalker's finally gone.
I would be...
But Joe wasn't my stalker.
At least, not the only one.
You were, Sofia.
The both of you.
[chuckles]
Bri, that's ridiculous.
You said it yourself, Joe attacked you.
-I don't know why. -I think you do.
There's a common thread between Xavier and Joe...
You.
[suspenseful music]
Is that what this is about?
How was I supposed to know? He--
Court records show that you represented a Joseph Mitchell
in an assault case a few years back, and won.
You both knew each other.
[Sofia chuckles]
The firm represents a lot of people, Bri.
And don't forget, he attacked me too.
[Bri] The cops found an RV parked down the street
missing a mirror.
Just like Xavier's.
But it was registered to Joe.
And Xavier's RV was at a friend's house
when the mirror was smashed.
I was at work.
I can have a dozen colleagues vouch for me.
[Bri] I assumed you would cover your tracks.
But I didn't think you'd be so bad at it.
Then again, you didn't expect us to survive.
And Joe was with me when Michael got hit.
So...
it must have been you driving.
Stop it. That's enough.
If you want to end a friendship over a bunch of circumstantial
evidence, that's fine.
If you go down this road, it's your loss.
House lock the doors.
[locks clicking]
Are you out of your mind?
I spent weeks looking through the security footage
from the cameras that you or I didn't know about.
You know what I found?
Michael saved some really interesting clips.
You were screwing my husband.
That's what all this is about.
I knew you were in love with him, I just didn't
think that you would take it this far.
Is that why you had Cheyenne killed?
You knew that Michael would never let me go.
And Xavier would never let Cheyenne go.
So you needed us both dead.
You'll never prove any of this.
I'll be right back.
Hey, Brianna. Uh, my work trip got cut short.
Yeah, it was pretty boring. I'll be home later tonight.
Bye. I love you, baby.
Hey, something came up with work. I gotta go.
You got the login for the app that controls the house.
You could just lock up before you leave.
You knew how to control the house from your phone.
But what you didn't know was, you were just
a distraction for Michael.
You couldn't even keep him happy.
That's why he needed me.
Is that what you told Joe so that he could help you?
Or were you screwing him, too?
-Joe was simple. -Not like Michael.
He loved me.
He wanted Cheyenne.
And he just merely tolerated you
because you made yourself easy.
Michael does love me!
He'll realize it once you're gone.
And since Joe couldn't kill you, I'll have to do it myself.
Remember when all this started
and you said that this was a game.
Well, I'm playing.
This thing records audio when it's being tampered with.
And I smashed it right before you came over.
Clumsy me.
The police, they're on their way right now, and they
heard everything that you just said.
I never understood what he saw in you.
You were always so needy. With Michael, With me.
[thuds]
I do fine on my own.
And I'm pretty sure that my lawyer sleeping with my
co-defendant is pretty good grounds
to get my plea deal thrown out.
House, unlock the doors.
[door opens]
You didn't even need me.
[handcuffs clicking]
[Xavier sighing]
[Xavier] Hey.
So I called that police department up in Oakland.
Your man got an interview next week. [chuckles]
-Yes! Congratulations. -Thank you.
Where do you think you're goin'?
-Hm? -Out.
[Xavier chuckles]
We still have to pack.
You still have to pack.
[Xavier chuckles]
I'm packin'.
[instrumental music]
[breathing heavily]
[music continues]
[dramatic music]